KRISTAL FILM PRESENTS
A FILM BY JOE D'AMATO
IMAGES IN A CONVENT
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
THIS MOVIE IS FREELY ADAPTED FROM THE
NOVEL "LA RELIGIEUSE" BY DENIS DIDEROT
Did you pick the fruit. Cesco?
His Eminence will be here soon.
I'm sorry. Sister Marta.
but it's happened again.
It was him.
Nonsense. I don't want to hear you talk
about these stupid superstitions again.
Yes.
You better go now.
They're coming.
I'm sorry. Your Eminence. but we don't
hear much about the outside world here.
Wise words from a wise
woman. Mother Superior.
I'm aware I'm making
a difficult request.
Countess Isabella's father
was a pious. righteous man.
Shortly before passing. he asked me to
protect her from her uncle. Don Ascanio.
People say Ascanio is a
ruthless individual.
He's even worse than his
reputation. actually.
A corrupt. morally broken man.
Yet. young Isabella adores him.
Your Eminence. are you
afraid he might corrupt her?
We're still in time
to save her soul.
That's why I brought her here.
I will do what you
ask. Your Eminence.
I know your every action is
aimed at helping others.
Thank you. Mother Superior.
Isabella is a proud.
imperious woman.
but I hope you'll convince
her to take the vows.
Against her will?
- With no real vocation?
- Well...
It would offend our
Lord. Your Eminence.
She would only become part of
a minor order. Sister Angela.
But it would protect her from Don Ascanio's
attempts to take her away from here.
We'll revoke her vows as soon
as things will calm down.
She'll be released from
her new religious life.
Assuming she wishes so.
It is my duty to fulfill the
wishes of the Church of God.
But now you're asking me to fulfill the
wishes of the Church of this world.
One of the many issues a man in my position
is required to deal with. unfortunately.
I know your goodness and the peace of this
convent will perform the miracle we need.
And now. if you'll forgive me. I
must return to Milan at once.
As you wish. Your Eminence.
But please tell your coachman
to stay away from the forest.
It's dangerous.
especially at night.
Welcome to Santa Fiora.
I'm Sister Giulia and
she's Sister Consolata.
I'm Isabella.
Countess of Lignate.
What do you want?
Are you my maids?
Maids? No. we're just here
to help a fellow sister.
Sister Angela. our mother
superior. wants you to wear this.
Do you really believe
I'm going to wear this?
It would damage my skin.
Two underskirts. four shirts. two
pair of socks. three wimples.
We also have one.
two. three tunics.
Mother Superior?
Isabella is here. Mother.
You can go now. Sister Giulia.
You too. Sister Veronica.
Welcome to Santa
Fiora. Isabella.
Welcome to this
place of serenity.
Cover yourself!
Cover yourself. I said!
I won't judge your
insolence. young lady.
My duty is to forgive
and understand you.
You've been sent here to find peace
in the serenity of this convent.
That's why you're holding
me captive. then?
You're here because of your father's
will. as well as the Church's.
Both very good reasons for
obedience. don't you think?
Just be honest and say I'm here
because of the cardinal's intrigues.
Young lady! How dare you talk
like that about a saintly man?
You better be careful. Mother.
My uncle loves me too much
to tolerate such an abuse.
He'll do whatever it takes
to get me away from here.
I won't ask you to take any
sacred vows. Isabella.
Novitiate is a struggle
against human nature.
And the sacrifices we are required
to make are very much inhumane.
Besides. they're only valued
if done with humility
by a spirit who values
a life of love and charity.
It would be too much for you.
You would have to destroy
your arrogance first.
Your boundless pride.
What do you know about love?
About the kisses of a man who loves you?
His arms holding you?
- Isabella!
- I know all those feelings.
You'll never make me forget them.
How could you. after all?
With some useless prayers?
Young lady! You're
being blasphemous!
I won't listen to one more word.
Go back to your cell.
That's an order.
Ascanio.
I beg you to forgive
me. Sister Marta.
Your lust doesn't
deserve forgiveness.
Come with me.
You've done a horrible thing!
I will drive Satan
out of your body!
I repent.
I repent with all my soul.
Forgive me.
Licinia.
No.
Sisters. don't get so upset!
Please calm down!
Everything's fine! Calm down!
I'm sure there's nothing
to worry about!
Sisters. please
try to calm down!
- Where's Sister Marta?
- Probably in her cell.
- Go call her. Sister Veronica. hurry.
- Yes! I'll be right back!
I'm ashamed of myself. Lord.
But you know I didn't
mean to do that.
I still can't explain what
happened to me all of a sudden.
Something I couldn't resist.
Forgive me.
- What happened?
- Maybe a war broke out!
- At last. Sister Marta. Where were you?
- Praying in the chapel. What's happening?
I don't know yet but I fear
it's something serious.
May the Lord have mercy on us!
My God!
- Is he dead?
-I don't know!
He's still breathing.
Go back to the others.
- Easy. be careful.
- Yes. yes.
She's coming.
- Are we in danger. Sister?
- No. don't worry.
Thanks be to the Virgin Mary!
What was that noise?
There's a wounded man in the garden.
Sister Angela is taking care of him.
- A wounded man?
- May the Lord help us.
May the Lord protect us.
Our rules forbid us to host
a man under this roof.
I'm aware of that. Sister Marta.
But our duty is to
help those in need.
as well as to shelter
anyone seeking asylum.
Besides. our convent is
too far from any village.
No one else could
help that poor man.
- You're right. but don't you find
this incident a bit odd? - Not at all.
Brigands have assaulted travellers
wandering in the forest many times.
I see. but I wonder what could
have led that young man here.
Our convent is the only
building on these hills.
Maybe he got lost. who knows.
Go now. and make sure the
others do as I ordered.
Excuse me. Mother.
You wanted to see me?
Yes. Sister Veronica.
I want you to tell Cesco
I need to see him.
We have also to bring some
food to that young man.
- I want you to take care of that
personally. - I will. Mother.
I'm old enough to not be
led into any temptation.
I won't condone that kind of
language. Sister Veronica.
I apologize. Mother.
They say that young man
is so handsome and kind!
- He fought bravely against those brigands!
- Oh. dear.
- They might be looking for him!
- Stop scaring me!
No. I just want you
to be prepared.
What would you do if those
heathens came here?
I would die of
fright. of course.
But what if they raped you?
- I'd rather drop dead.
- And I'd rather be a martyr.
For the love of Mary.
you're talking nonsense.
- Drink this.
- Thank you.
You sure you don't want
any. Sister Marta?
It's you who bring me this
stuff in secret. after all.
No. thank you. I told you I've learned
to repress all my earthly desires.
Oh. I know. You even refused a
necklace any woman would envy.
Six next to me.
Your friendship is the
only gift I need.
You deserve more.
Sister Marta.
As soon as I'm out of here.
I'll convince the cardinal
you're the best-suited mother
superior for this convent.
Do you want me to commit
the sin of pride?
Oh. no.
I only want us to be friends.
You should take that away.
Our rules don't allow for
profane things in our cells.
I don't see a problem.
It's Don Ascanio.
my adored uncle.
He won't be able to help me if
someone doesn't tell him I'm here.
What about that young man?
What do you know about him?
Nothing more than what he said. His name
is Guido Bencio. It seems he's an artist.
Sister Marta. please allow
me to speak to him.
I'm afraid it's impossible.
I'll do anything for you. but our
mother superior was adamant.
- I'm sorry.
- Come up with an idea. then.
An excuse. a ploy. a ruse.
I must speak to that
young man at any cost.
Sublime. Divine. even.
- You deserve sainthood for your cooking
skills. - Oh. don't be blasphemous.
Quite the opposite.
I could be even more
faithful and pious than you.
Heaven must be quite
a bore. though.
Holy Jesus and Mary.
I could always change my mind.
Maybe there's a reason
I ended up here.
Maybe you could heal my soul the
same way you're healing my body.
Of course we could.
We'd have to be pretty close. though.
and that could be problematic.
If I could only get a room
here at the convent.
No. it's against the rules.
I could try to convince
your mother superior.
She must be an exceptional woman
with unbending principles.
You could say that.
Sure. but she sent you in her place.
Tell her we need to talk.
Mark my words. Isabella. Try not to be
impulsive. and think of a better solution.
If you pretend to indulge Mother Superior.
you'll bring your plan to fruition.
For a nun. you sound
like a woman of the world.
You better watch your words.
Isabella. if you want me as an ally.
And always be respectful
to what I'm wearing.
I apologize. Sister Marta. but I'll
get mad if I stay here any longer.
Very well. my dear.
I'll help you.
How can you be so sure we
can trust that man. though?
- You said he seems to be a gentleman.
- That's what I believe.
But what appears on the surface
often differs from what is within.
This is the only opportunity I have.
I beg you. let me speak to him.
No. Isabella. I'm not leaving
you alone with a man.
I'll talk to him. I promise you.
I'll have to wait for
the right moment.
Mother Superior must
never find out.
I'm only doing this
for you. Isabella.
Did you want to see me?
I wanted to see you
again. mostly.
- I don't have much time. so tell me.
- I'm dying.
No. it's not the wound
that's killing me.
Your hands worked a miracle.
I'll die of cold and loneliness.
Sister Veronica told me.
What you ask is
simply impossible.
Impossible is a cruel word.
And you're not cruel.
that's for sure.
Do you know why I've asked to
be brought into the convent?
We'll do our best to heal you.
even if you'll be confined here.
That's not the reason.
I want to be close to you.
I won't tolerate that kind of
language. I'm warning you.
Please. don't misunderstand me.
It's dangerous outside.
I'm still in bad shape. but I'm the
only one who can protect you all.
Our fate lies with the
will of the Lord.
Besides. our convent is too
poor to attract evildoers.
Our only material wealth is a few
silver candlesticks in the chapel.
You have much more
than that. Mother.
Your virtues. for instance.
What do you mean?
That I'm a man and that you're
still a woman under that tunic.
- Sir!
- No. don't lie to yourself.
Why did you send
your gardener away?
- Did you want us to remain alone?
- How dare you?
- Mother...
- My God!
What's wrong?
- What are you doing?
- Please. don't leave me.
- Take your hands off me.
- I need you.
- I need to feel your breath.
- You're insane.
No. no!
- Don't talk. You're finally mine.
- No. let me go!
- Forget about your role.
- No! Please. stop!
- Don't resist me. I need you.
- No!
I need to feel the heat of
your body against mine.
Let me go!
Don't let your lips say what
your heart does not believe.
- Be quiet. I won't hurt you.
- No.
- Mother!
- Sister Marta! Help!
Have you gone insane?
Take your hands off her!
Come on. Mother. Let's
get out of here.
My God.
Is that you. Sister Marta?
- Isabella!
- I understand your surprise.
I know whom you
were waiting for.
I guess Mother Superior doesn't even
imagine what happens in your bed.
right. Sister Licinia?
Can you imagine what would
happen if someone told her?
No. please. I'm begging you.
Don't betray me. I won't
do it again. I swear!
Why would I care about
your repentance?
- I won't say anything.
- Thank you. You have my eternal gratitude.
Words are meaningless
without action.
I'll do anything. you
only have to ask.
I want you to bring a
message to that man.
- Impossible!
- Only for me. not for you.
I'm too closely watched.
I'd hoped for Sister Marta's help.
but I realized I can't count on her.
It's up to you now.
I don't care how. but you
must bring him that message.
Do it or I'll reveal
what you were doing.
Sister Licinia? Sister Licinia?
- Sister Marta. I...
- Don't say anything.
I know why you're
here in my cell.
- Does it still hurt?
- Yes. Sister Marta. It burns.
A purifying fire. Sister.
And that will keep the flames
of Hell away from you.
Thank you. Sister Marta.
Your soft touch almost
makes my pain fade away.
It's because of my
love for you. Sister.
You're the sweetest
soul among all of us.
And I want to save you from
lust and sinning again.
Sister Consolata? Sister
Consolata. wake up.
Satan is here in our convent.
Mother! Open the
door. Mother. hurry!
Mother!
- Sister Veronica. what's wrong? Speak!
- The church! Sacrilege!
Follow me. quick!
What's going on?
What's happening?
Holy Mary!
Come here. quick!
Over there. by the altar!
Look!
No! No!
- Holy Mary.
- Look!
There! There he is again!
Look!
It cannot be!
Holy Mary.
May the Lord help us!
We must flee. Sisters!
Flee. hurry!
It's the Devil! The Devil!
Oh. Lord.
Yes. Sister Marta.
It's horrible.
Either we're all dreaming. or
the Lord has left this convent.
It couldn't have been a
hallucination. Mother.
We've all seen that sacrilegious
image in place of our Lord.
I have to face the
facts. Sister Marta.
I don't know what our sins are. but we
must free the convent of this curse.
- What do you intend to do. Mother?
- I'm calling Father Arnaldo.
He's an exorcist.
Go to his abbey and alert him.
With his help. God willing. our
convent will finally return to peace.
I'll step away from my position as soon as
we're able to reach the cardinal.
I'll tell him that you're the most
worthy to succeed me. Sister Marta.
What are you saying. Mother?
I'm not worthy at all.
Please. obey my orders.
You can leave at dawn.
Be careful. Sister Marta.
I would never forgive myself
if something happened to you.
Thank you. Mother. I'll take
the path across the forest.
You can go now.
I'll go praying.
Countess Isabella is waiting for you.
Here's the key.
Tell Isabella I'll
meet her in one hour.
I'll wait for the
others to fall asleep.
Second aisle. first door to the left.
Don't forget.
First door. Thanks. Sister.
Wait a minute.
See that unknown god over there?
It looks like he's watching us.
Do you also know the legend?
The convent was built on top of an old
pagan temple. I guess that one got angry.
A lot of bad things happened
here over the centuries.
Fires. pestilence. raids.
I'm an artist.
A sculptor. to be precise.
I came here to see that statue.
He's much more than a
simple work of art.
He looks alive. and somehow
full of some evil force.
- His eyes are cold as agony.
- Please. leave me alone!
Do you think it could
be Satan himself?
You just gave me an idea.
Satan himself. I'll scare them so
much they wouldn't dare stop me.
Come in.
- Well? How did it go?
- He'll be here in an hour.
- How is he?
- As handsome as an angel.
That's not what I meant. stupid.
- Did you mention what I want from him?
- Of course. He said he's willing to help.
Did he sound sincere?
I mean. is he
really a gentleman?
How silly of me. what would
you know about gentlemen?
- He has...
- What? Speak!
The way he looks at you. There's
an evil gleam in his eyes.
A gleam that makes you uneasy. It's
the same stare of the unknown god.
Without his help. it
will be the end for me.
- No. please! I don't want to!
- Keep walking and don't be silly!
Is it for me?
It's a beautiful necklace.
but I can't accept it.
Why not? I just want to give
you a token of my friendship.
And prove you I'm not as
arrogant as it seems.
Thanks. I've never seen
anything so beautiful.
I can't accept it. It's against the
rules to own anything. It'd be a sin.
Only if you were already a nun.
But you still aren't.
just like me.
You could come with me when I get
away from here. Think about it. Giulia.
You could stay in my palace.
As my personal maid and friend.
You'd have gorgeous dresses
and many more jewels.
- Powerful men would be at your feet.
- No. stop talking!
Don't lie to me. You want it.
I can see it in your eyes.
Now listen carefully.
I need you to do
something for me.
For both of us.
Ave Maria. gratia
plena. Dominus tecum.
benedicta tu in mulieribus. et
benedictus fructus ventris tui. lesus.
Sancta Maria. Mater Dei. ora
pro nobis peccatoribus.
nunc et in hora mortis nostrae.
Amen.
Ave Maria. gratia
plena. Dominus tecum.
benedicta tu in mulieribus. et
benedictus fructus ventris tui. lesus.
Sancta Maria. Mater Dei. ora
pro nobis peccatoribus.
nunc et in hora mortis nostrae.
Amen.
Ave Maria. gratia
plena. Dominus tecum.
benedicta tu in mulieribus.
At your service. Countess.
Or shall I call you Sister?
My name is Guido Bencio.
You requested my help. so I
reckon you knew my name already.
They're holding you captive.
if I'm not mistaken.
You have nothing to say?
I see you don't trust me yet.
That's logical. given
you don't know me.
Trust is mutual. though.
don't you think?
I'm risking my neck here. A kidnapping and
a sacrilege would mean a death sentence.
I'd like to keep my neck intact. you see.
Unless the stakes are worth it.
Do you mind?
Let me see.
This necklace would
be my payment?
A beautiful piece of jewelry.
Probably worth a lot. I admit.
It's still not enough. though.
There's another jewel that could
convince me to take the risk.
Your beauty.
One must give in
order to receive.
And you have lots to give.
No. you can't.
Marvellous. I'm finally
hearing your voice.
They told me you were as fierce as a
tiger. but now you're gentle like a lamb.
No. Please.
Free us from temptation. Lord.
and deliver us from evil.
Let's go.
I'm Isabella of Lignate.
You?
Indeed. And I'm not the
harlot you think I am.
always ready to rub herself
against the first man she finds.
A real pity.
Although I'm still a
little skeptical.
And now that we've introduced ourselves.
could you explain this mix-up?
I had to be sure I
could trust you.
- And your verdict is?
- You're nothing but a miserable man.
Oh. I'm much more than that.
I'm also a ruthless sinner.
- That means you have a price?
- Indeed.
If said price is
right. of course.
Someone's coming. hurry!
Hurry up.
You know where to find me.
The Devil!
May the Lord save us all!
Hurry up and go
back to your cell.
Not a word on what happened or
you'll regret it. Both of you.
Holy Jesus and Mary. I can't believe
I have to see such things at my age.
How can someone not believe
in the unknown god's curse?
Hush. Sister Veronica.
- You don't even realize how blasphemous
you sound. - Hurry up. Sister Marta.
Let's hope that saintly man
will drive the Devil away.
- Praise the Lord.
- Always be praised.
- What the hell's that nun doing in the
middle of the forest? - Damned if I know.
She's not taking a
stroll. that's for sure.
What's she doing then?
Walking to the village. I guess.
- What should we do? - Maybe that guy
who ran away told them about us.
I bet she's taking the convent's
riches to the village.
Let's follow her.
Stop right there. Sister. Don't
scream or we'll kill you.
- I sure hope she's not dead!
- Nah. no worries.
Let's drag her somewhere quieter
so we can search her in peace.
Come on.
She's a heavy one!
Nuns aren't like us.
They eat everyday.
And I'm sure their
grub's tasty. too!
- This is a good spot.
- Yeah.
Let's see what she's hiding.
You do the honors.
Nope. There's nothing here.
- Not a single coin here.
- Look at her melons.
Maybe she's got
something in here.
Hey. she looks like
a normal woman.
This nun doesn't look
half-bad. you know.
Firm thighs. Tell me.
you ever screw a nun?
Plenty. When I was with One Eye's
gang we screwed a whole convent.
Let's have a look.
Let's see how she
looks in the nude.
- Hey. this gal's a virgin.
- Get out of here.
She fucking is!
You heard me right. Falcone.
She's a virgin.
She must have just became a nun.
- We really have to screw her. Our
reputation is at stake. - That's right.
I'm going first. You already
banged a whole convent. after all.
Keep your spirits high. Sister! I'm
gonna play you like a trombone!
Did that hurt?
- Let me go! Let me go!
- Hurry!
I'll give her a taste
of my own medicine!
- No! Let me go!
- Stop squirming!
- Stop squirming. I said!
- Let me go!
- Be good or it'll hurt more!
Let me go!
- Stop struggling!
- Please. stop!
Be good!
- Stop struggling!
- Hold her!
Hey. let me have a go at her!
Come on. you had enough!
It's my turn now. move it!
Hold her!
- Stop squirming!
- And be quiet!
Be good.
Don't struggle.
Keep your mouth
occupied with this.
Shut her up!
Be a good girl. it ain't
like we're killing you!
Suck on this and be quiet.
Behave. Give it another go.
Yeah. that's good.
- Come here. you!
- No. don't touch me!
Stop her. she's fleeing!
- Chase her down. I'm exhausted!
- Nah. let her go already.
Catch her. come on!
- Nah.
- Get a move on. come on!
- It's terrible!
- What happened to her?
Lord. help us!
We must pray for salvation!
My God!
So you state that those
infernal apparitions
started after that
young girl arrived here.
Yes. I believe Isabella's wretched.
tortured soul may have evoked them.
If you knew she was a sinner from the
start. it was your duty to punish her.
You didn't have to
empathize with her.
Unfortunately. Father. it
is often hard to realize
how weak charity
and empathy can be.
That's all it takes for Satan
to triumph over any soul.
Remember the dogma
of every saint.
Never let yourself be
satisfied with bad deeds.
Never let your heart be
God be my witness. I take
all the blame for this.
Do you think it's enough?
Your faith is a wall
built on pride. Mother.
It was you. with your
foolish actions.
who allowed lust to take
hold of this pious place.
There's no doubt Satan
resides within these walls.
And even if there was any doubt.
have you asked yourself why I was
already on my way to this convent?
You're right. you couldn't have known since
Sister Marta never reached the village.
I had a premonition.
As if Satan. in all of his
arrogance. was challenging me.
I will win this battle.
- May the Lord listen to you.
- Shut up. Mother!
Your foolish conduct offended
the blessed name of our Lord!
I'm sure Isabella is an unwitting
tool in the hands of Satan!
I believe the same for that man
you so foolishly sheltered.
And as for you. Mother...
Tell me.
did you. may God forgive my
language. fornicate with that man?
Sister. my good sister.
I feel so guilty for
what happened to you.
I beg your forgiveness.
Maybe the Lord was
kind with you.
He granted you
this beautiful madness.
You now have the gift to
forget the men's cruelty.
It will be much harder for me.
For all of us.
We'll have to pay for our
weaknesses day after day.
Maybe not even prayers
will be strong enough.
will heal our wounds.
They won't be enough
to atone for our sins.
Our lust.
Listen to me.
Whoever you are. I'm
not scared of you.
I don't want the
others to pay for me.
I'm the one who's
challenging you.
I dare you to take
me. unknown god.
I will exorcise every
room of the convent.
You are all strictly forbidden to
leave your cells until I'm done.
As you wish. Father.
We will meditate.
But no prayers.
It would make things worse since
the Lord is angry with you.
But. Father. it's the ones seeking
forgiveness who need to pray the most.
Don't question my orders.
You can go now.
I confide in your strength. Lord.
to destroy the Prince of Darkness.
Through the power of God I'll soon
annihilate you. filthy demon. Amen.
So they really believed it. huh?
Listen to me. Satan
does not exist.
Besides. even if he existed. he
wouldn't be any worse than us humans.
Indeed. my dear. it was us who invented
him. like we invented laws or religions.
We invented him to
restrain our own nature.
Aren't you afraid of being
tormented by your conscience?
Absolutely not. I only
live by one rule.
Take what you like.
whenever you like.
Don't put off to tomorrow
the sins you can do today.
You're so strange. though.
You keep saying Satan doesn't exist.
yet you act like he's possessed you.
What? Don't tell me a smart girl
like you believes those tales.
Well. it's all down to how you
define it. but evil does exist.
We often enjoy being
evil for the sake of it.
Or just to affirm our
position of power.
Did you come here to discuss
philosophy or your escape plan?
Here I am. Satan.
I'll defeat you and send you
back to the depths of Hell.
No evil of yours will ever
defeat the might of God's army.
Because I am the Lord of the
Universe. and evil will not prevail.
Evil will not prevail over the
Lord and his Holy Kingdom.
I order you to return to Hell. You're
not welcome at the Lord's table.
You will obey my commands and
leave this house of God.
It's an exciting plan. indeed.
But it's still too
risky. my dear.
I've already had the pleasure
of sleeping with two nuns.
To kidnap a third. and of noble
heritage. would be too much.
Besides. don't forget rulers
always like to hang a freethinker.
- But don't tell me you decided to...
- To remain a nun?
Of course not. I never had the
desire to wear these clothes.
To be honest. I was expecting
to feel some new thrills.
What is it. Mr. Bencio?
The lack of a monetary gain?
Is that making you
resist my request?
Da. Domine. terrorem
tuum super bestiam.
quee exterminat vineam tuam.
Exorcizo te.
immundissime spiritus.
omnis incursio adversarii.
omne phantasma. omnis legio.
in nomine Domini nostri Jesu Christi
eradicare et effugare ab hoc plasmate Dei.
Audi ergo. et time. Satana. inimice
fidei. hostis generis humani...
I always have money to hire
someone to commit a crime.
And I also have money to clear
that someone of said crime.
I want you. Isabella.
Help me.
Recede ergo in nomine Patris.
et Filii. et Spiritus Sancti:
da locum Spiritui Sancto.
per hoc signum sanctae Cruci
Jesu Christi Domini nostri:
qui cum Patre et eodem Spiritu
Sancto vivit et regnat Deus.
per omnia saecula saeculorum.
Domine. exaudi orationem meam.
Et clamor meus ad te veniat.
Da. Domine. terrorem
tuum super bestiam.
quee exterminat vineam tuam.
Exorcizo te.
immundissime spiritus.
omnis incursio adversarii.
omne phantasma. omnis legio.
in nomine Domini nostri Jesu Christi
eradicare et effugare ab hoc plasmate Dei.
Audi ergo. et time. Satana. inimice
fidei. hostis generis humani.
mortis adductor. vitae raptor.
justitiae declinator.
malorum radix. fomes vitiorum.
seductor hominum. proditor gentium.
incitator invidiae. origo avaritiae.
causa discordiae. excitator dolorum...
You're beautiful.
Yes.
Recede ergo in nomine Patris.
et Filii. et Spiritus Sancti:
da locum Spiritui Sancto.
per hoc signum sanctae Cruci
Jesu Christi Domini nostri:
qui cum Patre et eodem Spiritu
Sancto vivit et regnat Deus.
per omnia saecula saeculorum.
Domine. exaudi orationem meam.
Et clamor meus ad te veniat.
(LATIN PRAYER CONTINUES)
Audi ergo. et time. Satana. inimice
fidei. hostis generis humani.
mortis adductor. vitae raptor.
justitiae declinator.
malorum radix. fomes vitiorum.
seductor hominum. proditor gentium.
incitator invidiae. origo avaritiae.
causa discordiae. excitator dolorum.
Recede ergo in nomine Patris.
et Filii. et Spiritus Sancti:
da locum Spiritui Sancto.
per hoc signum sanctae Cruci
Jesu Christi Domini nostri:
qui cum Patre et eodem Spiritu
Sancto vivit et regnat Deus.
per omnia saecula saeculorum.
Domine. exaudi orationem meam.
Et clamor meus ad te veniat.
- Come here.
- Give me your lips.
- Come on.
- Oh. yes.
Like this.
Oh. yes.
Yes.
Cesco. the cardinal
will be here soon.
Why didn't you pick the fruit?
It's happened again.
It was him. once again.
When will you stop believing these
silly superstitions. Cesco?
Subtitled by Francesco Massaccesi
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org